Improve access credential documentation (#779)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/access-to-the-vm.md

1. Select the VM and click `⋮` button.
2. Click the `Edit Config` button and go to the `Access Credentials` tab.

> 3. Click to add either basic auth credentials or ssh keys. The user to be added must already exist in the guest OS. E.g., if using OpenSUSE, add `opensuse` as the user and select your ssh keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add either basic authentication credentials or SSH keys.

  You can only add a user that already exists in the guest operating system. For example, if you are using openSUSE, you can add the user `opensuse` and select SSH keys.
```

:::note

You need to enter the VM to edit password or remove SSH-Key after deleting the credentials from the UI.

> The user to be added must already exist; otherwise, the credentials will not take effect.

Reviewer 2: What do you think of combining this with bullet point 3 above?

> 3. Click to add either basic auth credentials or ssh keys. The user to be added must already exist in the guest OS. E.g., if using OpenSUSE, add `opensuse` as the user and select your ssh keys.

Author: Sounds great! Thanks for the comment!
